{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf12 
\sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11078429\rsid11171341}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6568;}{\info{\author HBadenhorst}{\operator HeinEnLouise}{\creatim\yr2003\mo12\dy9\hr9\min50}
{\revtim\yr2010\mo12\dy3\hr20\min44}{\version10}{\edmins42}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords496}{\nofchars2829}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws3319}{\vern24579}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11171341 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 Software License Agreement for Mother Teres@.
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 
\par This is a legal agreement between you and Valkyrie Systems  
\par covering your use of Mother Teres@ (the "Software").  Be sure to read the 
\par following agreement before using the Software.  BY USING THE SOFTWARE 
\par (REGARDLESS IF YOU HAVE REGISTERED THE SOFTWARE OR NOT), 
\par YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
\par IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT
\par USE THE SOFTWARE AND DESTROY ALL COPIES IN YOUR POSSESSION.  
\par 
\par The Software is owned by Valkyrie Systems and is protected by 
\par International copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  
\par Therefore, you must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material 
\par (e.  g., a book or musical recording).  Paying a single user license fee 
\par allows you the right to use one copy of the Software on a single computer.  
\par You may not network the Software or otherwise use it or make it available 
\par for use on more than one computer at the same time.  Group/Corporate customers 
\par with multi-user network licenses should undertake a reasonable effort to 
\par make sure that the total number of concurrent users within their 
\par organization does not exceed their license user limit.  You may not rent 
\par or lease the Software, nor may you modify, adapt, translate, reverse 
\par engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.  If you violate any part 
\par of this agreement, your right to use this Software terminates 
\par automatically and you must then destroy all copies of the Software in your 
\par possession.  
\par 
\par The Software and its related documentation are provided "}{\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 AS IS}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 " and 
\par without warranty of any kind and Valkyrie Systems expressly 
\par disclaim}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 s}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429  all other warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not 
\par limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
\par particular purpose.  Under no circumstances shall Valkyrie Systems
\par be liable for any incidental, special, or consequential damages that 
\par result from the use or inability to use the Software or related 
\par documentation, even if Valkyrie Systems has been advised of the 
\par possibility of such damages.  In no event shall Valkyrie Systems' 
\par liability exceed the license fee paid, if any.
\par 
\par All relevant license-agreements, as contained within supplied 3}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\super\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 rd}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429  Party software that
\par is needed for the operation of Mother Teres@,  remains intact and automatically extends to
\par the end-user.   
\par 
\par This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the International Court of Law.  
\par If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of 
\par the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of 
\par the Agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to 
\par effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement 
\par shall continue in full force and effect.  
\par 
\par The Software and documentation is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, 
\par duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as 
\par set forth in subdivision (b)( 3)( ii) of the ASPR Rights in Technical Data 
\par and Computer Software clause as 252.  227- 7013.
\par Manufacturer is: Valkyrie Systems, }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429  HYPERLINK "http://www.valkyrie.com" }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11171341 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000017000000110000007700770077002e00760061006c006b0079007200690065002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3200000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00760061006c006b0079007200690065002e0063006f00
6d002f00000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f1\fs20\ul\cf2\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 www.valkyrie.com}}}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 .
\par Mail for info at: info@valkyrie.com.  
\par 
\par Copyright (C) 20}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 10}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429  by Valkyrie Systems.  
\par All rights reserved.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429 Mother Teres@}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid11078429  is a trademark of Valkyrie Systems.  
\par 
\par }}